chore(docs): cleanup grants and add bounty program (#10157)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/about-iota/programs-funding/bounty-program.mdx

---
title: IOTA Bounty Program
description: Introduction to the IOTA Bounty Program and how to get involved.
---

# IOTA Bounty Program

The IOTA Bounty Program connects the community with funded tasks that help improve the IOTA products and ecosystem.

## Current Active Programs

> 
> <Cards>
>     <Card title="SDK Testing" href="https://github.com/orgs/iotaledger/projects/97/views/1?pane=info">
>     Help us test and improve the new IOTA SDK supporting Rust, Go, Kotlin and Python.
> 
>     All the rules and details on how to participate can be found on the project board by clicking on this card.
>     </Card>

Author: ```suggestion
    <Card title="SDK Testing" href="https://github.com/orgs/iotaledger/projects/97/views/1?pane=info">
    Help us test and improve the new IOTA SDK supporting Rust, Go, Kotlin and Python.

    All the rules and details on how to participate can be found on the project board by clicking on this card.
    
    This program starts on February 16th for selected community members and will be open for everyone on the 2nd of March
    </Card>
```

---
title: IOTA Bounty Program
description: Introduction to the IOTA Bounty Program and how to get involved.
---

# IOTA Bounty Program

The IOTA Bounty Program connects the community with funded tasks that help improve the IOTA products and ecosystem.

## Current Active Programs

<Cards>
    <Card title="SDK Testing" href="https://github.com/orgs/iotaledger/projects/97/views/1">
    Help us test and improve the new IOTA SDK supporting Rust, Go, Kotlin and Python.
    </Card>
</Cards>

## How It Works

To work on an open issue, pick a task from the board that matches your skills and start working on it in the linked repository.

> To create your own bounty, open a new `Bounty` issue using the provided template in the corresponding repository and fill in the details. Then link the issue to the board so others can find and work on it.

Author: We are not going into specific. We will mention it in the specific cards
```suggestion
```
